The game of memory is implemented as shown in the screenshots below. The styles used have been explained at the end.
A grid of 16 cells have been displayed. Each cell has an image of an animal. The objective is to open two cells together which have the same animal image.The grid has been displayed. As the user clicks on the cell, it shows the image of the animal.When two cells are open,if the images are different they will close, or else they will change as shown below.Continue, till all the cells have been changed.
A cell has 3 different styles depending on whether it is open, closed or changed.The cell has been displayed as a button. In the style, the following have been usedbackgroundColor, opacity, height, width, borderRadius, marginThe colors used are 009ffd, white, #444444.The height and width used are 120px.Maintain an array of size 16 to store values for a cell.Each element in the array is a JSON with the field image (name of the image) and open(true or false). At the start, create the array and fill the elements in it. Ensure that you have used 8 images and put them twice each.Create any 8 animal images and use them.Maintain two variables open1 and open2 to maintain the 2 open cells. Initially both of them are -1. Thecellno of thefirst cell opened is stored in open1. The cellno of th second cell opened is stored in open2.The open field of an openedcell is also set to true.When the second cell is opened, set a timer event of 1000 milliseconds before the setState.setTimeout(() =>this.doCellsMatching (), 1000);Define a function doCellsMatching which is called after 1000 milliseconds.In this function, check whether the cells opened havethe same image or not. If the images are the same, set both of them to null. Ifthe images are different, close the cells. Set open1 and open2 to -1.
